We had a look at layouts in the last lecture.
Now there's one special layout you can add to the layouts folder and that's the error dot view file
just as default default Doc you errored view is a reserved name and it won't be loaded when ever your
view application froze and error like a 4 0 4 error here.
It's a normal view component again as indicated by Dauth view.
So you can see the output.
Anything you want here like an error occurred.
We're sorry but this allows you to create your own hand tailored error.
View your error page which will look in exactly the way you wanted it to look.
With that if we save that with just the addition of the file nothing else required.
We can go back to the application and let's now try entering your L for user an idea I mean which is
not a number.
And now you see our custom error page.
Remember earlier you saw that default next error page.
Now it's this one because we added our special error layout and this is all important to know with that
you got the possibility of rendering a special error page for.
Well any error that ochreous.